cleanup Medalla and Toledo configurations (#3701)
PegaSysEng/artemis: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes
- Binary downloads have been transitioned from Bintray to Cloudsmith.  Please ensure you use links in the documentation or release notes.
  Ansible users should ensure they have the latest version of the ansible role.

> - removed network definitions for Medalla and Toledo test networks.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- Removed support for the no longer active Medalla and Toledo test networks.
```
